not until lieutenant ahora ya do
we even appear in the future
right you know now gene
roddenberry didn't realize how
big a deal this was because he
didn't he didn't realize that we
didn't appear anywhere social
impact of it again just doing it
because it seems like the right
because it's the right thing
that is so when a lavar comes to
my house and I said what are you
doing this yeah i'm getting
ready to start I was like dude i
wanted i wanted to start reading
he's like I'll tell them i said
okay and I think set up a lunch
for me and Rick Berman and and
3g so they do and gene says so
you want to start Jack I say you
don't understand this was a huge
part of my life
this is a huge part of my life
because as a kid who loves
science fiction
it wasn't too lieutenant horror
did i realize that i was in the
future that you were allowed in
the future he said what do you
mean I sent Jamie if you look at
science fiction movies that
predate soccer star track there
are no people of color anywhere
he was like I don't think I knew
that I said well you know now so
i would like to uphold that
tradition because we know that
we're in the future edition set
up by violence and her that
there is someone else called now
you got LeVar so my god you
might put two of us 10 ship and
I know that's probably unusual
but I'd love to do it he said
alright so he created dine-in I
may be the last creature he
created
wow that is awesome